dev-bug - generate docs (#2434)
demisto/demisto-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

* Fixed an issue in the **download** command, where an exception would be raised when downloading system playbooks.
* Fixed an issue where the **upload** failed on playbooks containing a value that starts with `=`.
* Fixed an issue where the **generate-unit-tests** failed to generate assertions, and generate unit tests when command names does not match method name.

> *Fixed an issue where **generate-docs** changed the wrong command docs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Fixed an issue where running **generate-docs** with `-c` argument updated incorrectly other commands' sections.
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
*Fixed an issue where **generate-docs** with `-c` argument updated sections of the incorrect commands.
```
